Yes
the path bordered with dot is bamboo and
of camellia to access time in
hugs her the last signs of
hugs before releasing release on
an example of harmony geometry of
rightness
m
hidden behind the pines and
shrubs but dazzled by the group san
silver blade of white sand and
gravel guen kakudji offer themselves alone
modest and measured but just as
majestic
a little further the times dialogue with
the green sadan while the panels
of wood from the city responds to
trees that protects it like a case
the huge stones contrast with
the accuracy of the infinitely small
each element rests in its place in a
perfect set the only splinters of
voice and camera clicks
come to disturb
at the end of the fifteenth century after ten years
of conflict kyoto is devastated
the war gives inami ruined
whole neighborhoods just like North of
the city yoshi mass to ashikaga shogun
worried decides in 1482 erected away
upheavals and uncertainties
a villa is named higashi yama dono the
eastern mountain palace that
will survive his death and cycle in
the golden shadow of kin kakudji the pavilion
of golden yoshima know where to cover them his
remains of a kyoto silver layer that
would then rise brilliantly from both
precious metals which make a pair at
to the north the money to the east but the wash
remained legend since the shogun's death
in 1490 and the villa never refuses the
thin layer lay in August
shortly after the place was
transformed by the Zen boutique school
rinzai in temple shoji gie
in the neighborhood called kashiyama the
temples his finger
but alongside the rhône and the most
serious j the green kakudji reigns sites
inescapable of life he wrought
a legend
the dwelling consists of three
parts rather drop of water where resides
a statue of the shogun the canoe hall where
rests a kanon gilding deities of
compassion and the main room
long
if the villa remains sober and the
visible but not accessible
leaving only to collect
mud paintings sonhos in the state y
also win that is the garden invites to
another kind of escape
after being surprised by the presence of
pole gates or die this mound of sand
two meters of bow that would remind
the soft slack which according to some agents the
Site welcome guide j invites
to gain height for better
admire it below the dry garden
to go beyond a garden of mouscou
happily held some a little to
hillside for a calm
walk through the vegetation
relief brager haven of glass
nature
down below the temple is observed
dominated he's so jean on his word
registered with unesco's heritage
kyoto masterpiece only knows
rarely local in the visitors are
numerous
arrived at the opening better just before
the closure transforms the pleasant
visit in one of the most beautiful moments
spent in the city